there's a controversial holiday-themed
statue on display at the State Capitol
building in Springfield Illinois it's
called the snake tivity it is on loan
from the Satanic temple of Chicago you
can't really tell but it's a sculpture
of the arm of a young woman holding an
apple wrapped in a snake like Adam and
Eve with the Apple and the state is
allowing this because of that pesky
First Amendment it's on display but
religious leaders are understandably
upset that something from the Church of
Satan is in the building and of course
when things like this happen I go
directly to the top I don't mess around
and in this case that is God so God are
you there God
Oh God God oh look at that how beautiful
[Music]
listen but you just listen to me for one
second please
look come on just trust me make up
whatever you want listen Frank Frank
Frank Frank Frank
sure sure hold on I'm getting another
call hi God hey Jimmy
I'm sorry but dad that was Francis oh
the Pope you're talking to the Pope huh
no no Jimmy think big think big he's
such a small thinking I do not trust you
know what I'm surprised you use a cell
phone that doesn't seem like something
you would need to do what do you want me
to do call my commandments in stone what
are you a Moses isn't no I am NOT a
Moses forget about the phone what I
wanted to know is if you've heard about
this satanic temple this sculpture that
they have in this Illinois Capitol in
Chicago no well no Chicago is not the
capitol of Illinois in the its it whoa
whoa whoa whoa wait a sec jakar go was
not the Capitol Illinois are you sure
Alexa you know you know needle X I'm
telling you Springfield is the capitol
of Illinois not anymore it isn't
Jim don't work okay so anyway there's
there's that's it really there's a
satanic temple from Chicago that says
they have the right to display the
statue based on freedom of religion and
you know what
Chicago is a sinful place I mean they
had gangsters at Al Capone in the Black
Sox scandal in 1919 and don't get me
started on that horrible deep-dish pizza
crap
oh no no pizza you don't need pizza with
a knife and a fork am i right everybody
[Applause]
said you can't explain you think though
these lawmakers should have the statue
removed from the building
remove no no no no no no no I'm fine
with it me and Satan we're cool
what does that mean you and Satan are
cool we made up what hey listen folks if
Taylor Swift and Katy Perry can make up
why can't we say hello to Jimmy you're
gonna love this guy he's gonna be with
you along
you hang out together in heaven yeah
yeah you know we get together what like
once a week
my little fortnight you know fantasy
football oh really
yeah then we have brunch Oh bottomless
mimosas yeah and then we figure out who
goes where you know yeah that's a big
game who goes where Oh which one of us
is gonna get Ted Cruz rock paper
scissors rock paper scissors rock paper
scissors scissors wait you won he's
yours oh no I don't want him I don't
want Jimmy that face for eternity you
always do rock that's because I created
all the rock I'm gonna leave this to you
guys to figure out but just thank you
for weighing in and have a Merry
Christmas also new Christmas oh Jesus no
no no no I wasn't talking to you it's my
kids birthday Oh help me
I'm older than you it's too loud
if you mean one nation under me that's
right that ones are you yeah
everything's under me thank you again
Chloe that's the Lord and Satan
everybody thank you very much
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel and this is the
Internet I made it myself
hit subscribe if you like it